WCT_GLP-1 Interviews_Participant 8_Transcript
-	Caucasian, male
Interviewer: Okay. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to start off by telling you a little bit about this clinical trial. So we're supporting the planning for trial, which is focused on weight maintenance, for people who have previously lost weight on a GLP-1 and who have discontinued treatment with semaglutide at least 28 days prior to taking part in this study and people who have had a stable weight for about three months. So I'm not sure where exactly you are in your GLP journey. 
Participant: I'm early. 
Interviewer: Yeah, sure. But yeah, I'd like to you to respond to these questions a little bit thinking you might be at a maintenance phase or thinking into the future a little bit, maybe.
Participant: Makes sense.
Interviewer: Okay, thank you. So my first question for you, is what might make you consider stopping taking a GLP-1?
Participant: So being on the medication, it would be trying to or achieving a goal weight. But I'll be honest, I don't know that the goal weight is the right ending for me. I've got other benefits from GLP-1s that I've noticed that I fully anticipate that I probably would have some dosage of that continual.
Interviewer: Yeah, sure. Can you expand a little bit on the benefits that you're talking about there other than weight loss?
Participant: Sure. So I started the medication with the intent of weight loss, but I've noticed that other things have improved as well. So my inflammation is definitely improved. My sleep is dramatically improved, like sleep apnea. It has a challenge and I've noticed that even surprisingly, I went to the dentist this week and my dentist told me that, hey, what has changed? You're not grinding your teeth at night anymore. So these small things I'm attributing to being, I'm only on the medication for three months, so these are the only changes really that have happened. So if I were to go off of those, I anticipate that those might come back even though I have achieved the goal weight, so to say.
Interviewer: Yeah, absolutely. And what other factors might influence a decision to stop taking a GLP-1? So you mentioned reaching your goal weight there, but would there be anything else which might cause you to stop?
Participant: Yeah, so the concerns of side effects so far have been negligible for me. I don't think that that risk is very high for me personally being through it. So I don't think that would be a stopping reason. The one that does concern me is accessibility. I do worry that even though I started this and I have access to it right now, depending on how things go in the industry and my government, there may be a time where I don't have access to that. So I do fear that that will be stopped.
Interviewer: Yeah, absolutely. Thank you. And would you consider trying a different medication to the one that you're on now?
Participant: Yeah, so I mean I've seen the generations of GLP-1s from first gen to second gen, and I see the ones that are on the horizon. I do expect that as science evolves, I probably will change medications to see if it fits me better. So I'm not expecting to be on what I'm on currently forever.
Interviewer: Okay. And for you personally, would you consider a clinical trial? So with a new medication which hasn't yet been approved?
Participant: Yeah, I'm open to doing clinical trials on new medications.
Interviewer: Yeah. What is it about clinical trials which makes you feel open for that?
Participant: I believe that I'm a person who believes in science and I do believe that people have to contribute. I'm not a scientist, but if there's a way to have information and data that helps move things forward, I'm happy to do that.
Interviewer: Thank you. And would a placebo controlled study, so a placebo controlled is where you have a dummy medication, which looks like the real medication, but contains no active ingredients. How would you feel about entering a trial where you’d have a 50% chance of being on placebo?
Participant: Yeah, it's a great question. I think I'd still be open to it. And I know there's the, I'll say risk of having no positive effects, but I do understand why it's important to have that. So somebody's got to do it. It could be me.
Interviewer: Yeah. So thank you. Then for this study, it would take place over 36 weeks and during those 36 weeks you'd have monthly injections. How would you feel about going to the hospital and having your monthly injections there?
Participant: Ooh, that'd be so inconvenient. As somebody who does home injections, having to go to a hospital would be a concern. Especially as I'm a high travel lifestyle. I may not always be in the location.
Interviewer: So if it was something that you could do monthly at home, that would be a lot easier for you?
Participant: Yeah, for me, yeah. I'm not against it. If it was, I would say convenient, I would be concerned that the schedule would be very impactful.
Interviewer: Yeah. I've got a few more questions around that, which we'll definitely get to in a bit. So, I don’t know what medication you are on at the moment, but how likely would you be to purchase a compounded versus approved products?
Participant: So I'm currently on Tirzepatide, so I am open to compounded. I've learned a lot about how compounded medication works. I do have concerns around the different potential qualities of the different pharmacies that compound though. So I'm open to it, but I would need to have more awareness of where actually it's coming from.
Interviewer: Okay. And what would it be that would make you more open to that compared to other medications?
Participant: Well, I mean cost, it is a concern for many people. If you look at the current branded pricing, it's priced out for many people if you don't have insurance, and in the US not everybody has insurance to cover it. So I do think having an avenue for people to get it or access to it in an affordable way is a risk somebody may want to take. Right. It's up to them.
Interviewer: Yeah, absolutely. So what I'd like to do now is just go through a few different factors which might influence someone's decision to take part in clinical trial. So the first is if you had vouchers for weight loss information, weight loss, say meal replacement drinks or other types of weight loss support, if you were provided by the study team with vouchers to make that type of support cheaper, would that be something which would help motivate you to take part in this study?
Participant: No, I don't think so. For me personally, no, because I'm very selective of what I would consume, so those vouchers may not be something I would use.
Interviewer: Okay, thank you. And what about financial compensation?
Participant: I think that would be of interest. For me, I think it would be more enticing to do it right, because if there's an inconvenience factor, there would have to be some sort of benefit that people would want to participate for.
Interviewer: Then in terms of the, we spoke a little bit about travel and you were saying it'd be quite tricky for you to go to a site monthly to receive tests and have injections. Would this be easier for you if someone was to arrange your travel for you? So for example, arrange a taxi from your house to the site, all that type of thing?
Participant: Oh, it's purely scheduling. I travel for work a lot, so I don't know where I'm going to be. That's the challenge. Yeah.
Interviewer: What about if the appointments were scheduled for outside of your working hours? So maybe for weekends or evenings, if that was possible?
Participant: Yeah, I think the weekends open up more opportunity for that. Yeah.
Interviewer: Okay, thank you. And then, I mean, we spoke a little bit about vouchers for weight loss after the trial. So these clinic visits, they can be quite long visits some of the time and it might be that you're there over lunchtime or something like that. If you were provided with vouchers to go and buy a meal replacement drink or something like that, or you were provided with a trial approved meal, would that be something which would be appreciated or?
Participant: I think if you're doing a long-term trial, having that would be yes, a good benefit. A long time span trial of the day. Yes.
Interviewer: Yeah. Perfect. Thank you. And then obviously again, we've been speaking a little bit about going to the hospital and how that might be difficult. If you had a nurse who could come to your house, take blood tests for you, would that be?
Participant: Yeah, for me, no, because it's still a scheduling problem. You have to be home when that person comes, right. So yeah, it is just not having that flexibility where I don't know, a week from now will I be traveling somewhere. That's the challenge.
Interviewer: Understood. Thank you. And then the last motivation here was being provided with a Fitbit to help motivate you to you're taking part.
Participant: Yeah, I think if somebody doesn't have those kind of devices, absolutely. I think that's one of the best tools for measuring what we're doing, so yes.
Interviewer: Yeah, great. Anything else that we haven't touched on? So along those types of lines which you think would be helpful to be provided throughout clinical trial that might help someone feel more at ease or practically help someone?
Participant: I think you may have touched on this, but I think having information or access to information, meaning somebody who's interested in these kind of medications are looking at their overall health. So if you were providing a voucher for a nutritionist or these kinds of things that would augment maybe their knowledge while they're doing this, I think that is valuable. It doesn't have to be a monetary thing, but an access to more knowledgeable topics or knowledge on that health area.
Interviewer: Yeah, that's great. And that was actually another question we’ll get to in a bit, but first I just wanted to touch base on any barriers to taking part. So you've mentioned obviously the scheduling issues being a potential barrier to taking part. Were there any other things which might make you a bit concerned about taking part in a clinical trial or make you think twice?
Participant: Yeah, I mean I think going into a trial you have to expect there's a lot of unknowns. So side effects are not defined yet. I think somebody has to be aware of that and I would be participating knowing that adverse things can happen and we don't know yet. And that's the whole point. I don't know if everybody is fully aware of that when they consider, when I talk to people who say, oh, I'm just going to sign up for a trial. It gets me early access, but there is a potential downside to it.
Interviewer: Yeah, of course. Thank you. And then in terms of procedures involved in this trial, so for some of the blood tests that would need to take place, I was talking about nurses coming your home or whether you went to hospital for blood tests, you would be required to fast beforehand, so that might be for up to 12 hours before having the blood tests taken. How would you feel about fasting for that long?
Participant: It's not a problem. I don't see that. No, I don't see it as a problem.
Interviewer: Thank you. And what about, have you ever done any glucose monitoring?
Participant: Oh yes. Yep. Yes.
Interviewer: Yeah. So how would you find, if you were required to do continuous glucose monitoring throughout the trial, how would you find that?
Participant: I think it'd be great. I don't see a problem with that. I've done the traditional, I think that's better than the traditional finger sticking every day. So yes. Okay.
Interviewer: And then if someone hadn't done glucose monitoring like that before and they were suddenly asked to do it, do you think that it might be off-putting to them or do you think it'd be something that someone would?
Participant: I think now, in this day and age, I think people were more open to it. I think early when CGMs were first started, it was kind of weird having this device, but it's so prevalent around us, I don't think it's as odd to people. I think once they understood what it does and why it's there, I think they'd be more open to it.
Interviewer: Okay. And then you mentioned finger pricking as well, if it was having to continuously take finger prick tests, do you think that would be?
Participant: Yeah, that is one thing I hate doing, so yeah, I think that could be an off-putting thing.
Interviewer: Okay, thank you. And then obviously we've spoken a little bit about scheduling and the monthly injections, so could you tell me how often you think it would be reasonable for you to go to a hospital or a clinic site to have these tests done?
Participant: Well, I think you said monthly, and I guess in my head I was thinking weekly for some reason. I don't think monthly is that bad. I think I know I'm changing I’m my answer here, but a month ahead, build a plan that may not be as impactful as I was first thinking.
Interviewer: Okay. And how far would you be willing to travel?
Participant: Ooh, good question. That's got to be reasonable. I think it's got to be within half an hour to an hour to where somebody lives.
Interviewer: Yeah, that makes sense. Thank you. Okay, so I wanted to go back again. So you were talking a bit about information being provided to patients and having access to, for example, a nutritionist or something like that. So what type of diet and exercise information would be most valuable to you out of kind of in person, so obviously meeting with for example a nutritionist or a doctor, being provided with webinars, having handouts, having meal planning information, recipes or general information on macronutrients. Would that type of thing be valuable to you? And anything that I've mentioned there, would you think that'd be really helpful or?
Participant: I do think for many people having that nutrition information and providing tools and a plan people can follow because it could be very overwhelming. I think it eases people to make changes when there's something to follow. So informing them about nutrition so they could have the tools to make better decisions and then a plan to follow. I think that is something people may see valuable, they may not have access to that and finding it on their own may be a challenge. So having it available would be good.
Interviewer: Okay, thank you. 
Participant: I was going to say a key thing. I would also say if we're talking about things like Fitbits, but I think a subscription to a food logging tracking scanning app, I think it'd be very valuable too.
Interviewer: Okay. Yeah, that's really helpful. Thank you. And have you ever considered doing a clinical trial for this type of thing before?
Participant: Not before I started this medication, but since learning about the state GLP-1s and what's on the horizon, I've had friends who are in trials now, so I'm keen to look at what's upcoming to see if it's something would something I'd want to do.
Interviewer: Okay, thank you. And what other options have you considered, or what other ways have you tried to lose weight in the past?
Participant: Oh, you got a few hours? So I've done everything from exercise and diet. I've lost over 120 pounds at one point. I've done low carb, I've done keto, I've done high intensity interval training. All these things I've done at some point over the last 40 years.
Interviewer: Yeah, sure. Thank you. And you aware of any other drugs for weight loss which are being developed at the moment? So for example, oral GLP-1s?
Participant: Yeah. Yeah, go ahead.
Interviewer: I was going to say, what are your thoughts on the oral GLP-1s?
Participant: Great question. I think the oral GLP-1s I think will open up an avenue for a lot of people to consider them. I do think that shots or injections are sort of a line for many people, now when and if an oral comes out, I don't think I would choose to take, I would stay with injections personally because I like the, I'll say the predictability of I take a shot here, I know how it absorbs my body versus an oral medication may have a lot more variables to that.
Interviewer: Yeah, that makes sense. And would that also be the case if you were offered kind of a newer or less well-known injectable versus an oral medication, would you still be more likely to go for the injectable in that case?
Participant: Yeah, I mean, I look at the other medications I know that are in trials now on the horizon, I am expecting that they will eventually become available and I would consider moving to them as injectables.
Interviewer: Okay. Alright, thank you. So that's all of my questions for you. Is there anything that we haven't spoken about which you think is important to consider for people taking part in clinical trials?
Participant: I think you've covered convenience, you've covered incentives. I guess the question I have is when you're going through these trials, what is medical care for, let's say adverse reactions happen? How does that, I take part in a trial, we discover there's some heart related issue. How do people handle that?
Interviewer: So that is an important question and obviously it'd be something which you’d talk to your doctor about before you sign up to the trial. Really. So for most clinical trials it would be a case of you are seen by a study team, so that includes maybe a nurse, but also an overarching investigator who is also a doctor. And the point of these monthly visits where you go into the hospital is so that they make sure that they're carrying out these tests on you, making sure that your heart, there isn't much change from before or it's not going in the wrong direction. And that type of information, if you were to experience something out of, when you're away from that, you always be provided with emergency contact numbers. You'd be provided with a card to tell people that you are on a clinical trial. So if you had to go to hospital, for example, you'd have this card say, please contact this person, I'm on this trial. We don't know how the drugs might interact, that type of thing.
Participant: Yeah, that makes total sense. Yeah, because there’s no prior knowledge, right? So it's early in that. Yeah.
Interviewer: Yeah. And it's always, it's considered a priority in clinical trials is patient safety. So those types of things are generally quite well thought through. It'd be something that you'd talk to your doctor about before you sign the consent form to carry on, essentially.
Participant: Okay. Yeah, that's all I really have. Like I said, so oh, and obviously there's no out of pocket when somebody does a clinical trial for medications? Right, because all clinical research at that point?
Interviewer: Yeah, so everything’s covered - travel, meals that you're having, that type thing that, as well as the medication, of course. 
Participant: Perfect. Yeah, that's all I have. 
Interviewer: Okay. Well thank you, that’s all I had as well. I'll stop the recording in that case. 

